Update installation instructions for WP-CFM (#9313)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/wordpress-configurations/04-wp-cfm.md

permalink: docs/guides/wordpress-configurations/wp-cfm
---

> This section provides information on how to install and configure the [WordPress Configuration Management (WP-CFM)](https://forumone.github.io/wp-cfm/) plugin on your Pantheon WordPress site.

Reviewer: Can we change this to point here: https://github.com/forumone/wp-cfm-dist/wiki

## Install and Deploy WP-CFM

<TabList>

> <Tab title=”Installing via Git Updater” id=”git-updater” active={true}>

Author: ```suggestion
<Tab title="Installing via Git Updater" id="git-updater" active={true}>
```

This method makes use of the [Git Updater](https://git-updater.com/) plugin to install and keep WP-CFM up-to-date. Follow the steps in [our documentation on installing plugins using Git Updater](/guides/wordpress-configurations/installing-updating-from-third-party-sources#using-git-updater-to-install-and-manage-plugins-and-themes-from-git-repositories) and use the following settings:

**Plugin URI:** `forumone/wp-cfm-dist`

> **Repository Branch:** `release`

Reviewer: The branch name should be `main`.

**Remote Repository Host:** GitHub
**GitHub Access Token:** Blank 

</Tab>

> <Tab title=”Installing via Composer” id=”composer”>

Author: ```suggestion
<Tab title="Installing via Composer" id="composer">
```

> This method makes use of [Integrated Composer](/guides/integrated-composer) to manage installation and version management. This process assumes you already have a `composer.json` in your site repository and `build_step` is set to `true` in your `pantheon.yml`. Follow the steps in [our documentation on installing plugins using Composer](/guides/wordpress-configurations/installing-updating-from-third-party-sources#using-composer-to-source-plugins-and-packages) and use `forumone/wp-cfm-dist` as the repository.

Reviewer: This should be `forumone/wp-cfm` when installing via Composer from Packagist.

Author: Yep, probably a find-replace error.

1. Test the configuration on Live.

## Frequently Asked Questions
### Why can’t I install WP-CFM from the WordPress plugin repository?

> ForumOne has stopped deploying updates to the WordPress.org plugin repository. This means that if you had previously installed via the WordPress plugin repository, you will no longer receive updates to the plugin unless you use one of the above alternative options. See our documentation on [installing and managing plugins from third party sources}(https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/wordpress-configurations/installing-updating-from-third-party-sources) and refer to [their announcement post](#)

Author: ```suggestion
The WP-CFM plugin on WordPress.org is no longer receiving updates. This means that if you had previously installed via the WordPress plugin repository, you will not receive updates to the plugin unless you use one of the above alternative options. See our documentation on [installing and managing plugins from third party sources}(https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/wordpress-configurations/installing-updating-from-third-party-sources).
```
